Ripped and edited by
gabbyu's Subs
- Taylor Swift--
...declined to address that rumor.
- Global superstar Taylor Swift--
- And the winner is--
This is the first time
photographers have caught T-Swift on film
in six weeks.
The Grammys' youngest-ever
winner of Album of the Year,Fearless.
-Is there bad blood?
-  Taylor Swift is responsible
for me being suspended.
Taylor Swift is in hot water again.
Taylor Swift is on top of the world,
but has she done some sketchy things
to get there?
Thirteen celebs have issues
with Taylor Swift.
- I felt like she was angry.
-  Number 13.
There she is, leaving a restaurant.
She holds too many grudges.
You can see her feet
at the very bottom,
and can see her making her way
into the car.
I can understand trying
to keep your relationship to yourself
at the beginning,
or needing to take some time
to work on your craft,
- but come on!
- And Taylor,
voluntarily bringing attention to herself
with her donation.
What Swift did is not enough.
- Okay, Tay, whatever you say.
- I-- I hate to say this,
but I think Taylor Swift is learning
a few lessons in life.
All this drama is exhausting, isn't it?
Taylor should focus on making
sure the rest ofReputation is more--
Taylor Swift's new romance is heating up--
- What happened to "The Squad"?
-  Reputation
But at the same time,
- aren't they both wrong?
-  Reputation
Taylor Swift takes the stand
in court today...
- Taylor Swift's--
-  Reputation
- ...playing the victim--
- Reputation.
Reputation
So instead we'll talk about Taylor Swift.
- Reputation
- Reputation.
Reputation
So instead we'll talk about Taylor Swift.
- Reputation
- Reputation.
- Taylor Swift's--
-  Reputation
So instead we'll talk about Taylor Swift.
- Reputation
- Reputation.
- Baby, let the games begin
Baby, let the games begin
Let the games begin
Oh-oh-oh
Baby, let the games begin
Let the games begin
Oh-oh-oh
Baby, let the games begin
Let the games begin
Oh-oh-oh
Baby, let the games begin
Let the games begin
Oh-oh-oh
Are you ready for it?
Knew he was a killer
First time that I saw him
Wonder how many girls he had loved
And left haunted
But if he's a ghost
Then I can be a phantom
Holding him for ransom-som
Some boys are trying too hard
He don't try at all, though
Younger than my exes
But he act like such a man, so
I see nothing better
I keep him forever
Like a vendetta-ta
I
-I
-I see how this is gon' go
Touch me and you'll never be alone
I
-Island breeze and lights down low
No one has to know
In the middle of the night
In my dreams
You should see the things we do, baby
Hmm
In the middle of the night
In my dreams
I know I'm gonna be with you
So I take my time
Are you ready for it?
Me, I was a robber
First time that he saw me
Stealing hearts and running off
And never saying sorry
But if I'm a thief
Then he can join the heist
And we'll move to an island-and
And he can be my jailer
Burton to this Taylor
Every love I've known in comparison
Is a failure
I forget their names now
I'm so very tame now
Never be the same now, now
I
-I
-I see how this is gon' go
Touch me and you'll never be alone
I
-Island breeze and lights down low
- No one has to know
In the middle of the night
In my dreams
You should see the things we do, baby
Hmm
In the middle of the night
In my dreams
I know I'm gonna be with you
So I take my time
Are you ready for it?
Baby, let the games begin
Let the games begin
Oh-oh-oh
Baby, let the games begin
Let the games begin
I
-I
-I see how this is gon' go
Touch me and you'll never be alone
I
-Island breeze and lights down low
No one has to know
In the middle of the night
In my dreams
You should see the things we do, baby
Baby, hmm
In the middle of the night
In my dreams
I know I'm gonna be with you
So I take my time
In the middle of the night
Baby, let the games begin
Let the games begin
Are you ready for it?
Baby, let the games begin
Let the games begin
Are you ready for it?
Baby, let the games begin
Let the games begin
Are you ready for it?
Baby, let the games begin
Let the games begin
Are you ready for it?
I never trust a narcissist
Oh, but they love me
So I play 'em like a violin
And I make it look oh so easy
'Cause for every lie I tell them
They tell me three
This is how the world works
Now all he thinks about is
Me
I can feel the flames on my skin
Crimson red paint on my lips
If a man talks shit
Then I owe him nothing
I don't regret it one bit
'Cause he had it coming
They say I did something bad
Bad
Then why's it feel so good?
They say I did something bad
Bad
But why's it feel so good?
-Most fun I ever had
-Had
And I'd do it over and over
And over again if I could
It just felt so good
Good
I never trust a playboy
But they love me
So I fly 'em all around the world
I let them think they saved me
They never see it comin'
What I do next
This is how the world works
You gotta leave before you get left
I can feel the flames on my skin
He says
"Don't throw away a good thing"
If he drops my name
Then I owe him nothin'
And if he spends my change
Then he had it comin'
- They say I did something bad
- Bad
Then why's it feel so good?
- They say I did something bad
- Bad
But why's it feel so good?
- Most fun I ever had
- Had
And I'd do it over and over
And over again if I could
It just felt so good
Good
It just feels so good
They're burning all the witches
Even if you aren't one
They got their pitchforks and proof
Their receipts and reasons
They're burning all the witches
Even if you aren't one
And it's just for fun
They're burning all the witches
Even if you aren't one
They got pitchforks and proof
They don't need their reasons
They're burning all the witches
Even if you aren't one
So light me up
- Light me up
- Go ahead and light me up
- Oh-oh-oh
- Light me up
Light me up, light me up
Light me up
Go ahead and light me up
- They say I did something bad
- Bad
Then why's it feel so good?
- They say I did something bad
- Bad
But why's it feel so good?
- Most fun I ever had
- Had
And I'd do it over and over
And over again if I could
It just felt so good
Good
Bad
Oh, they say I did something bad
Then why's it feel so good?
Good
Bad
- Bad
- It just felt so good
Good
Well, good evening, Dallas, Texas,
and welcome
to the Reputationstadium tour.
You know, guys, I've been coming to play
in the Dallas-Arlington area...
since I was about 15 years old.
And, uh...
I was looking at the list of times
I've played here
and this is actually the 30th show
that I'll be playing in this area.
I mean...
So that's a good, long history
we've got going on between us
and I want to say thank you
for a few things.
First of all, having been to Dallas
as many times as I've been here,
I know how many things there are available
for you to do on a Saturday night.
You have lots of options and you decided
to spend your Saturday evening with us.
Thank you so much!
Another thing that you guys did...
is that every single one of us
on this stage, on this tour,
gets to know that because of you,
this is the first tour,
nobody has ever played back-to-back nights
at this stadium before.
Thank you, guys!
So, here you are,
deciding to be with us on--
You may have heard this.
It's a little-known fact.
This is the last
night of the US tour.
And so you decided not only to spend
your Saturday night with us,
but to come here to commemorate
the last night on this tour
that has meant so much to me.
That is such a beautiful thing.
Thank you for deciding
all of those things tonight.
I would even say...
it's something even more than beautiful.
It's like a step above beautiful.
What's the word for that, Dallas?
Gorgeous
That's the one.
You should take it as a compliment
That I got drunk
And made fun of the way you talk
You should think about the consequence
Of your magnetic field
Being a little too strong
And I got a boyfriend
He's older than us
He's in the club doing
I don't know what
You're so cool
It makes me hate you so much
I hate you so much
Whiskey on ice
Sunset and Vine
You've ruined my life
By not being mine
You're so gorgeous
I can't say anything to your face
'Cause look at your face
And I'm so furious
At you for making me feel this way
But what can I say?
You're gorgeous
You should take it as a compliment
That I'm talking to everyone here
But you
And you should think about
The consequence
Of you touching my hand
In a darkened room
Dark room
If you've got a girlfriend
I'm jealous of her
But if you're single
That's honestly worse
'Cause you're so gorgeous
It actually hurts
Honey, it hurts
Ocean blue eyes
Looking in mine
I feel like I might
Sink and drown and die
You're so gorgeous
I can't say anything to your face
To your face
'Cause look at your face
Look at your face
And I'm so furious
At you for making me feel this way
Feel this way
But what can I say?
You're gorgeous
And now, Dallas,
I would like to introduce you
the incredibly talented, gorgeous women
of the Reputationstadium tour.
Make some noise...
for Jazz!
Maria!
Gracie!
Kamilah!
Jeslyn.
Melanie!
Nadine!
Stephanie!
Yoe!
Eliotte.
And I'm Taylor.
Thanks for hanging out with us tonight!
You make me so happy
It turns back to sad
There's nothing I hate more
Than what I can't have
You are so gorgeous
It makes me so mad
You make me so happy
It turns back to sad
There's nothing I hate more
Than what I can't have
Guess I'll just stumble on home
To my cats
Alone
Unless you wanna come along
You're so gorgeous
-I can't say anything to your face
-To your face
-'Cause look at your face
-Look at your face
And I'm so furious
-At you for making me feel this way
-Feel this way
But what can I say?
You're gorgeous
You make me so happy
It turns back to sad
There's nothing I hate more
Than what I can't have
You are so gorgeous
It makes me so mad
You're gorgeous
You make me so happy
It turns back to sad
There's nothing I hate more
Than what I can't have
What I can't have
You are so gorgeous
It makes me so mad
Mmm!
You're gorgeous
You got that James Dean daydream
- Look in your eye
And I got that red lip classic
Thing that you like
And when we go crashing down
We come back every time
'Cause we never go out of style
We never go out of style
You got that long hair slicked back
White T-shirt
And I got that good girl faith
And a tight little skirt
And when we go crashing down
We come back every time
'Cause we never go out of style
We never go out of style
Midnight
You come and pick me up, no headlights
Long drive
Could end in burning flames
Or paradise
Fade into view, oh
It's been a while
Since I have even heard from you
Heard from you
I should just tell you to leave
'Cause I
Know exactly where it leads but I
Watch us go 'round and 'round
Each time
'Cause you got that
James Dean daydream
Look in your eye
And I got that red lip classic
Thing that you like
And when we go crashing down
We come back every time
'Cause we never go out of style
We never go out of style
You got that long hair slicked back
White T-shirt
And I got that good girl faith
And a tight little skirt
And when we go crashing down
We come back every time
'Cause we never go out of style
We never go out of style
Dallas, will you please make some noise
for my incredible band?
We were both young
When I first saw you
Close my eyes and the flashback starts
I'm standing there
On a balcony in summer air
See the lights
See the party, the ball gowns
See you make your way through the crowd
And say, "Hello"
Little did I know
That you were Romeo
You were throwing pebbles
And my daddy said
"Stay away from Juliet"
And I was crying on the staircase
Begging you, "Please don't go"
And I said
Romeo, take me somewhere
We can be alone
I'll be waiting
All that's left to do is run
You'll be the prince
And I'll be the princess
It's a love story
Baby, just say, "Yes"
Oh, oh
I got tired of waiting
Wondering if you were ever
Coming around
My faith in you was fading
When I met you on the outskirts of town
I said
Romeo, save me
I've been feeling so alone
I keep waiting for you
But you never come
Is this in my head?
I don't know what to think
He knelt to the ground
And pulled out a ring and said
Marry me, Juliet
You'll never have to be alone
I love you
And that's all I really know
I talked to your dad
Go pick out a white dress
It's a love story, baby, just say
"Yes"
Oh, I remember you driving to my house
In the middle of the night
I'm the one who makes you laugh
When you know you're 'bout to cry
I know your favorite songs
And you tell me about your dreams
And you know where you belong
You can always be with me
You can see that I'm the one
Who understands you
Been here all along
So, why can't you see
You belong with me, yeah
Let me see you jump!
Standing by and waiting
At your back door
All this time
How could you not know, baby?
You belong with me
Have you ever thought just maybe
You belong with me?
You belong with me
I
I don't like your little games
Don't like your tilted stage
The role you made me play
Of the fool, no,
I don't like you
I don't like your perfect crime
How you laugh when you lie
You said the gun was mine
Isn't cool
- No, I don't like you
- Oh
But I got smarter
I got harder in the nick of time
Honey, I rose up from the dead
I do it all the time
I've got a list of names
And yours is in red, underlined
I check it once
Then I check it twice, oh!
Ooh, look what you made me do
Look what you made me do
Look what you just made me do
Look what you just made me--
Ooh, look what you made me do
Look what you made me do
Look what you just made me do
Look what you just made me--
I don't like your kingdom keys
They once belonged to me
You asked me for a place to sleep
- Locked me out and threw a feast
- What?
The world moves on
Another day, another drama, drama
But not for me, not for me
All I think about is karma
And then the world moves on
But one thing's for sure
Maybe I got mine
But you'll all get yours
But I got smarter
I got harder in the nick of time
Honey, I rose up from the dead
I do it all the time
I've got a list of names
And yours is in red, underlined
I check it once
Then I check it twice, oh!
Ooh, look what you made me do
Look what you made me do
Look what you just made me do
Look what you just made me--
Ooh, look what you made me do
Look what you made me do
Look what you just made me do
I don't trust nobody
And nobody trusts me
I'll be the actress
Starring in your bad dreams
I don't trust nobody
And nobody trusts me
I'll be the actress
Starring in your bad dreams
I don't trust nobody
And nobody trusts me
I'll be the actress
Starring in your bad dreams
I don't trust nobody
And nobody trusts me
I'll be the actress
Starring in your bad dreams
- I don't trust nobody
- Oh
- And nobody trusts me
- Whoa-oh
- I'll be the actress
- Starring in your bad dreams
- I don't trust nobody and
- Nobody trusts me
I'll be the actress starring
In your bad dreams
Ooh, look what you made me do
Look what you made me do
Look what you just made me do
Look what you just made me--
Sorry, but old Taylor can't come
to the phone right now.
Why? Oh, 'cause she's dead!
Ooh, look what you made me do
Look what you made me do
Look what you just made me do
Look what you just made me--
Ooh, look what you made me do
Look what you made me do
Look what you just made me do
Look what you just made me--
Ooh, look what you made me do
Look what you made me do
Look what you just made me do
Look what you just made me--
Ooh, look what you made me do
Look what you made me do
Look what you just made me do
I wanna be your end game
I wanna be your first string
I wanna be your A
-Team
I wanna be your end game, end game
Big reputation, big reputation
Ooh, you and me
We got big reputations, ah
And you heard about me, ooh
I got some big enemies
Big reputation, big reputation
Ooh, you and me would be
A big conversation, ah
And I heard about you, ooh
You like the bad ones, too
You like the bad ones
- I don't wanna touch you
- I don't wanna be
- Just another ex-love
- You don’t wanna see
I don’t wanna miss you
Like the other girls do
- I don’t wanna hurt you
- I just wanna be
- Drinking on a beach with
- You all over me
I know what they all say
But I ain't tryna play
- I wanna be your end game
- End game
- I wanna be your first string
- First string
- I wanna be your A-Team
- A-Team
I wanna be your end game, end game
I hit you like bang, we tried
To forget it, but we just couldn't
And I bury hatchets
But I keep maps of where I put 'em
Reputation precedes me
They told you I'm crazy
I swear I don't love the drama
It loves me
And I can't let you go
Your handprint's on my soul
It's like your eyes are liquor
It's like your body is gold
You've been calling my bluff
On all my usual tricks
So here's the truth from my red lips
I got a big reputation, big reputation
Ooh, you and me
We got big reputations, ah
And you heard about me, ooh
I got some big enemies
Big reputation, big reputation
Ooh, you and me would be
A big conversation, ah
And I heard about you, ooh
You like the bad ones, too
- I wanna be your end game
- End game
- I wanna be your first string
- First string
- I wanna be your A-Team
- A-Team
I wanna be your end game, end game
- I wanna be your end game
- End game
- I wanna be your first string
- First string
- I wanna be your A-Team
- A-Team
I wanna be your end game, end game
I'm perfectly fine,
I live on my own
I made up my mind
I'm better off being alone
We met a few weeks ago
Now you try on calling me, baby
Like trying on clothes
Salute to me
I'm your American Queen
And you move to me
Like I'm a Motown beat
And we rule the kingdom inside my room
'Cause all the boys
And their expensive cars
With their Range Rovers
And their Jaguars
Never took me quite where you do
And all at once, you are the one
I have been waiting for
King of my heart
Body and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once, you're all I want
I'll never let you go
King of my heart
Body and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once
I've been waiting
Waiting
Ooh whoa, ooh whoa
And all at once, you are the one
I have been waiting
Waiting
Body and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once
Late in the night, the city's asleep
Your love is a secret
I'm hoping, dreaming, dying to keep
Change my priorities
The taste of your lips
Is my idea of luxury
Salute to me
I'm your American Queen
And you move to me
Like I'm a Motown beat
And we rule the kingdom inside my room
Inside my room
'Cause all the boys
And their expensive cars
With their Range Rovers
And their Jaguars
- Never took me quite where you do
- Where you do
And all at once, you are the one
I have been waiting for
King of my heart
Body and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once, you're all I want
I'll never let you go
- King of my heart, my heart
- Body and soul
Ooh whoa
And all at once
I've been waiting
Waiting
Ooh whoa, ooh whoa
And all at once, you are the one
I have been waiting
Waiting
- Waiting
Body and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once
Is this the end of all the endings?
My broken bones are mending
With all these nights we're spending
Up on the roof
With a schoolgirl crush
Drinking beer out of plastic cups
Say you fancy me, not fancy stuff
Baby, all at once, this is enough
And all at once, you are the one
I have been waiting for
King of my heart
Body and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once, you are the one
I have been waiting for
King of my heart
Body and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once, you are the one
I'll never let you go
- King of my heart
- My heart
- Body and soul, ooh whoa
- My soul
And all at once
I've been waiting
Waiting
Ooh whoa, ooh whoa
And all at once, you are the one
I have been waiting
Waiting
-Waiting
- Waiting
Body and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once
I've been waiting
Waiting
Body and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once
I've been waiting
Waiting
Body and soul, ooh whoa
And all at once, oh-oh, oh-oh
Oh-oh, oh-oh
Oh oh-oh oh oh-oh
Oh-oh
Oh-oh, oh-oh
Oh oh-oh oh oh-oh
I love you, Taylor!
Are we having fun yet?
Oh, good.
You know, you may notice this...
Not sure if you picked up on it yet.
I'm pretty sure you have, though.
Have you noticed that you have
a light-up bracelet on your wrist?
There they are.
So pretty.
Um, but that's not the only thing
about them.
The reason why I wanted to have these
on the tour
is because this is actually my very first
all-stadium tour, which...
Which has been so, so much fun
because of you.
Um...
So, one thing I do know about stadiums
is they're just...
massive places to play,
and so I wanted to make sure
that no matter what,
I could see every single one of you
in these stadiums.
So if you're on the...
...top, top deck, last row
and you think I can't see you,
that would be incorrect.
I can see absolutely every person
in this stadium.
And I can see you dancing,
I can see you
throwing your hands in the air.
And on top of that, I can hear...
I can hear the--
It really seems
like every single person in this crowd
has memorized every single word
to the songs,
and is not just singing them, but like...
...screaming them.
If I had to take a guess
and say the one thing...
that probably everybody in this stadium
has in common...
I think I would say
that one thing would be...
that we all like the feeling
of finding something real.
Like...
you know, finding real friendship
or finding real love
or somebody who really gets you.
Or someone who's really honest with you.
I think-- I think that's what we're really
all looking for in life, and...
I think the things that can scare us
the most in life
are the things that we think will threaten
the prospect of us finding something real.
For example,
having a bad reputation, in our mind,
could get in the way of you finding...
real friendship, real love,
real acceptance,
people you really fit in with.
Because you think to yourself,
"What if they've heard something about me
that isn't true?
What if they've got
these preconceived notions about me
that they heard from gossip?
And then they never even wanna meet me,
and then we'll never know
what could've happened."
And I think that's why some of us--
meaning most, if not all of us--
are sort of afraid
of having a bad reputation.
Because we're so scared of something fake,
like gossip or a rumor about you,
or a name you got called,
getting in the way
of you finding something real.
And so, when it comes down
to that fear and that anxiety,
it's just all really delicate,
don't you think, Dallas?
This ain't for the best
My reputation's never been worse, so
You must like me for me
We can't make
Any promises now, can we, babe?
But you can make me a drink
One, two, three, let's go!
Dive bar on the East Side
Where you at?
Phone lights up my nightstand
In the black
Come here, you can
meet me in the back
Dark jeans and your Nikes, look at you
Oh damn, never seen that color blue
Just think of the fun things
We could do
'Cause I like you
This ain't for the best
My reputation's never been worse, so
You must like me for me
Yeah, I want you
We can't make
Any promises now, can we, babe?
But you can make me a drink
Is it cool that I said all that?
Is it chill that you're in my head?
'Cause I know that it's delicate
Delicate
Is it cool that I said all that
Is it too soon to do this yet?
'Cause I know that it's delicate
Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?
Isn't it?
Delicate
Third floor on the West Side
Me and you
Handsome, your mansion with a view
Do the girls back home
Touch you like I do?
Long night
With your hands up in my hair
Echoes of your footsteps on the stairs
Stay here, honey,
I don't wanna share
'Cause I like you
This ain't for the best
My reputation's never been worse, so
You must like me for me
Yeah, I want you
We can't make
Any promises now, can we, babe?
But you can make me a drink
Is it cool that I said all that?
Is it chill that you're in my head?
'Cause I know that it's delicate
Is it cool that I said all that?
Is it too soon to do this yet?
'Cause I know that it's delicate
Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?
Isn't it?
Delicate
Sometimes I wonder when you sleep
Are you ever dreaming of me?
Sometimes when I look into your eyes
I pretend you're mine
All the damn time
-'Cause I like you
-Is it cool that I said all that?
Is it chill that you're in my head?
'Cause I know that it's delicate
Delicate
-Yeah, I want you
-Is it cool that I said all that
Is it too soon to do this yet?
'Cause I know that it's delicate
- Delicate
-'Cause I like you
Is it cool that I said all that?
- Isn't it, isn't it? Isn't it?
- Is it chill that you're in my head?
'Cause I know that it's delicate
Isn't it?
Delicate
-Yeah, I want you
-Is it cool that I said all that
- Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?
-  Is it too soon to do this yet?
'Cause I know that it's delicate
- Isn't it
-Delicate
All right, Dallas. I...
just decided to do...
a little exploring around the stadium
to see...
if you guys are having a good time
back here.
Are things fun back here?
All right. Well, would you dance with me?
What do you say?
I stay out too late
Got nothin' in my brain
- That's what people say
- Mm-hmm
I go on too many dates
But I can't make 'em stay
- At least that's what people say
- Mm-hmm
- That's what people say
But I keep cruising
Can't stop, won't stop moving
It's like I got this music
In my mind sayin'
It's gonna be all right
'Cause the players gonna play
Play, play, play, play
And the haters gonna hate
Hate, hate, hate, hate
Baby, I'm just gonna shake
Shake, shake, shake, shake
- I shake it off, I shake it off
- Whoo-hoo-hoo
Heartbreakers gonna break
Break, break, break, break
And the fakers gonna fake
Fake, fake, fake, fake
Baby, I'm just gonna shake
Shake, shake, shake, shake
- I shake it off, I shake it off
- Whoo-hoo-hoo
All right, Dallas,
make some noise once again
for Charli XCX and Camila Cabello!
I'll never miss a beat
I'm lightning on my feet
- And that's what they don't see
- Mm-hmm
- That's what they don't see
- I'm dancing on my own
- Dancing on my own
I'll make the moves up as I go
Make the moves up as I go
- And that's what they don't know
- Mm-hmm
- That's what they don't know
But I keep cruising
Can't stop, won't stop grooving
It's like I got this music
In my mind saying
It's gonna be all right
'Cause the players gonna play
Play, play, play, play
And the haters gonna hate
Hate, hate, hate, hate
Baby, I'm just gonna shake
Shake, shake, shake, shake
- I shake it off, I shake it off
- Whoo-hoo-hoo
Heartbreakers gonna break
Break, break, break, break
And the fakers gonna fake
Fake, fake, fake, fake
Baby, I'm just gonna shake
Shake, shake, shake, shake
- I shake it off, I shake it off
- Whoo-hoo-hoo
I shake it off,
I shake it off
I
-I, I shake it off,
I shake it off
I
-I, I shake it off,
I shake it off
I
-I, I shake it off,
I shake it off
Whoo-hoo-hoo
Hey, hey, hey
Just think, while you've been
Getting down and out about the liars
And the dirty, dirty cheats
Of the world
You could have been getting down
To this sick beat
My ex-man brought his new girlfriend
She's like, "Oh, my God"
But I'm just gonna shake it
And to the fella over there
With the hella good hair
Won't you come on over, baby
We can shake, shake, shake
- Yeah, oh
- 'Cause the players gonna play
Play, play, play, play
- Oh-oh
- And the haters gonna hate
Hate, hate, hate, hate
Baby, I'm just gonna shake
Shake, shake, shake, shake
- I shake it off, I shake it off
- Whoo-hoo-hoo
Heartbreakers gonna break
Break, break, break, break
And the fakers gonna fake
Fake, fake, fake, fake
Baby, I'm just gonna shake
Shake, shake, shake, shake
- I shake it off, I shake it off
- Whoo-hoo-hoo
I shake it off,
I shake it off
I
-I, I shake it off,
I shake it off
I
-I, I shake it off,
I shake it off
- I-I, I shake it off, I shake it off
- Whoo-hoo-hoo
I shake it off,
I shake it off
I
-I, I shake it off,
I shake it off
- You got to
- I shake it off, I shake it off
I
-I, I shake it off,
I shake it off
Give it up again
for Charli XCX and Camila Cabello!
So, you guys,
I was wondering if, um...
if it would be all right with you
if we just had a...
Thank you so much.
There's a--
I feel like it's really important
to be honest with you guys.
I have a little-- a tiny, minuscule cold.
Do not mind this.
This is just gonna
be me blowing my nose.
I'm gonna turn around to do it.
But I-- What I really think
we all need to take note of
is how Giuseppe presented me
with the tissue.
Like this.
That's like the best thing I've ever seen.
I've never been handed a tissue
with more presentation and commitment.
Um, okay, guys.
Wanna talk to you about something.
I'm proposing the idea
that we spend some time
with just you and me and the guitar.
Is that all right with you?
So, one thing that you guys
have always been...
really, uh...
really not just supportive about,
but you've, um--
'Cause that sounds like you were,
like, understanding of it.
You've really encouraged me
to experiment with my music
and try different things,
try different sounds,
try different instruments. Um...
You guys were always the ones pushing me
to experiment and grow.
And I really appreciate that. 'Cause...
I have had so much fun
switching up, you know, styles of music...
genres... um...
And there are a lot of people
in the music industry
that thought when you start
in one genre of music, you stay there,
because that's what people are used to
and that's what they like.
But my relationship with you
and how much we talk...
online, how much we meet each other
at the shows,
or like at my house, or...
Um...
I know from our conversations that
you guys are so
all about lyrics and all about a feeling,
and all about, if whatever it is
that the person that you listen to
is singing about
what you happen to be going through,
or did go through
at one point in time, I--
I think that's kind of all you care about
when it comes to a song.
So I've always written songs...
with the lyrics, the feeling,
and the melody in mind,
hoping that no matter what production
I added to the top of it,
whether it took a turn for pop
or acoustic or whatever...
I always wanted for a song
to be able to be stripped back down...
and still be something that you liked
and wanted to sing
at the top of your lungs.
I loved you in secret
First sight, yeah
We love without reason
Oh, 25 years old
Oh, how were you to know, and
My love had been frozen
Deep blue, but you painted me golden
Oh, and you held me close
Oh, how was I to know that
I could've spent forever
With your hands in my pockets
Picture of your face
In an invisible locket
You said there was nothing in the world
That could stop it
I had a bad feeling
And darling, you had turned my bed
Into a sacred oasis
People started talking
Putting us through our paces
I knew there was no one in the world
That could take it
I had a bad feeling
But we were dancing
Dancing with our hands tied
Hands tied
Yeah, we were dancing
Like it was the first time, first time
Dancing with our hands tied
Hands tied
Yeah, we were dancing
And I had a bad feeling
But we were dancing
I loved you in spite of
Deep fears that the world
Would divide us
So, baby, can we dance
Oh, through an avalanche?
And say, say that we got it
I'm a mess
But I'm the mess that you wanted
Oh, 'cause it's gravity
Oh, keeping you with me
I could've spent forever
With your hands in my pockets
Picture of your face
In an invisible locket
You said there was nothing in the world
That could stop it
I had a bad feeling
But we were dancing
Dancing with our hands tied
Hands tied
Yeah, we were dancing
Like it was the first time, first time
Dancing with our hands tied
Hands tied
Yeah, we were dancing
And I had a bad feeling
But we were dancing
I'd kiss you as the lights went out
Swaying as the room burned down
I'd hold you as the water rushes in
If I could dance with you again
I'd kiss you as the lights went out
Swaying as the room burned down
I'd hold you as the water rushes in
If I could dance with you again
Dancing with our hands tied
Hands tied
Yeah, we were dancing
Like it was the first time, first time
We were dancing
Dancing with our hands tied
Hands tied
We were dancing
And I had a bad feeling
But we were dancing
So, um...
You know, when I write a song...
When I write a song, it's usually...
me just trying to...
get past something
and understand something
I'm going through...
by writing about it, and...
that was definitely the case
um, when I wrote the next song
I'm gonna play.
On this tour, we've had
this really wonderful tradition
that's kind of come about, where...
And it started with you.
You guys were saying to me online,
"I really want you to play older songs
that you don't play very often."
And so I was like, "Okay!"
And so this tradition
kind of came about, and, uh...
I'm really glad you told me to do that,
'cause it's really fun.
It's super fun going back through
and playing songs
I haven't played in forever.
And-
- So this song is a song that--
It's weird, because I feel like this song
has two lives to it in my brain.
In my brain, there's
the life of this song
where this song was born
out of catharsis and venting
and trying to get over something
and trying to understand it
and process it.
And then there's the life
where it went out into the world
and you turned this song into something
completely different for me.
Um...
You turned this song
into a collage of memories
of watching you scream the words
to this song, or...
...seeing pictures that you post to me
of you having written
the words to this song in your diary,
or you showing me your wrist,
and you have
a tattoo of the lyrics to this song
underneath your skin.
And that is how you have changed
the song "All Too Well" for me.
- I walked through the door with you
The air was cold
But something 'bout it felt like home
Somehow and I
Left my scarf there
At your sister's house
And you've still got it
In your drawer even now
Oh, your sweet disposition
And my wide-eyed gaze
We're singing in the car
Getting lost upstate
The autumn leaves falling down
Like pieces into place
And I can picture it
After all these days
And I know it's long gone
And that magic's not here no more
And I might be okay, but I'm not
Fine at all
'Cause there we are again
On that little town street
You almost ran the red
'Cause you were looking over at me
Wind in my hair,
I was there
I remember it all too well
Photo album on the counter
Your cheeks were turning red
You used to be a little kid with glasses
In a twin-size bed
And your mother's telling stories
About you on a tee ball team
You tell me 'bout your past
Thinking your future was me
And I know it's long gone
And there was nothing else I could do
And I forget about you long enough
To forget why I needed to
'Cause there we are again
In the middle of the night
We dance around the kitchen
In the refrigerator light
Down the stairs,
I was there
I remember it all too well
Yeah
Well, maybe we got lost in translation
Maybe I asked for too much
But maybe this thing was a masterpiece
Till you tore it all up
Running scared,
I was there
I remember it
All too well
Hey, you call me up again
Just to break me like a promise
So casually cruel
In the name of being honest
I'm a crumpled up piece of paper
Lying here
'Cause I remember it all
All, all
Too well
Time won't fly
It's like I'm paralyzed by it
I'd like to be my old self again
But I'm still trying to find it
After plaid shirt days
And nights when you made me your own
Now you mail back my things
And I walk home alone
But you keep my old scarf
From that very first week
'Cause it reminds you of innocence
And it smells like me
You can't get rid of it
'Cause you remember it all too well
'Cause there we are again
When I loved you so
Back before you lost
The one real thing you've ever known
It was rare, I was there
I remember it
All too well
Wind in my hair, you were there
You remember it all
Down the stairs, you were there
It was rare,
I was there
I remember it all too well
All right, of all the times
that I've heard that sung
incredibly loudly
I think tonight, Dallas,
at the end of this tour, our last night,
that was the loudest
I've ever heard that song.
And there was a huge,
bellowing chorus of singing
coming from this side of the stadium,
so I have to check it out.
I'm gonna come over and see you.
Here I come!
You ready?
Nice to meet you, where you been?
I could show you incredible things
Magic, madness, heaven, sin
Saw you there and I thought
Oh, my God, look at that face
You look like my next mistake
Love’s a game, want to play?
New money, suit and tie
I can read you like a magazine
Ain't it funny, rumors lie
And I know you heard about me
So hey, let's be friends
I'm dying to see how this one ends
Grab your passport and my hand
I can make the bad guys
Good for a weekend
So it's gonna be forever
Or it's gonna go down in flames
You can tell me when it's over
If the high was worth the pain
I've got a long list of ex-lovers
They'll tell you I'm insane
'Cause you know I love the players
And you love the game
'Cause we're young and we're reckless
We'll take this way too far
It'll leave you breathless
Or with a nasty scar
Got a long list of ex-lovers
They'll tell you I'm insane
But I've got a blank space baby
And I'll write your name
Cherry lips, crystal skies
I could show you incredible things
Stolen kisses, pretty lies
You're the king, baby,
I'm your queen
Find out what you want
Be that girl for a month
Wait, the worst is yet to come
Oh, no
Screaming, crying, perfect storm
I can make all the tables turn
Rose garden filled with thorns
Keep you second-guessing like
"Oh, my God, who is she?"
I get drunk on jealousy
But you'll come back
Each time you leave
'Cause darling I'm a nightmare
Dressed like a daydream
So it's gonna be forever
Or it's gonna go down in flames
You can tell me when it's over
If the high was worth the pain
Got a long list of ex-lovers
They'll tell you I'm insane
'Cause you know I love the players
And you love the game
'Cause we're young and we're reckless
We'll take this way too far
It'll leave you breathless
Or with a nasty scar
Got a long list of ex-lovers
They'll tell you I'm insane
But I've got a blank space, baby
And I'll write your name
Boys only want love if it's torture
Don't say I didn't
Say I didn't warn ya
Boys only want love if it's torture
Don't say I didn't
Say I didn't warn ya
So it's gonna be forever
Or it's gonna go down in flames
You can tell me when it's over
If the high was worth the pain
Got a long list of ex-lovers
They'll tell you I'm insane
'Cause you know I love the players
And you love the game
'Cause we're young and we're reckless
We'll take this way too far
It'll leave you breathless
Or with a nasty scar
Got a long list of ex-lovers
They'll tell you I'm insane
But I've got a blank space, baby
And I'll write your name
So...
as I was walking through the crowd,
I could not help but notice...
Here we are
on the last night of the tour,
and you guys did not come to play.
You did not come
in regular outfits tonight.
You are in ensembles,
you are in costumes,
you're, like, wearing crowns,
with snakes around your neck,
with your face covered in glitter,
with lyrics all over your arms,
with 13s on your hands...
You guys are absolutely,
absolutely incredible,
and I'm really feeling like
I need to get on your level.
Because you guys seem to be dressing...
in correspondence with lyrics
of the songs.
Am I correct about that?
Yes. So...
I think what I should do now...
is wear a dress...
to play a song called "Dress."
What do we think about that?
Our secret moments in a crowded room
They've got no idea about me and you
There is an indentation
In the shape of you
Made your mark on me, a golden tattoo
All of this silence and patience
Pining in anticipation
My hands are shaking
From holding back from you, ah, ah, ah
All of this silence and patience
Pining and desperately waiting
My hands are shaking from all this
Ah, ah, ah, ah-ah
Say my name and everything just stops
I don't want you like a best friend
Only bought this dress
So you could take it off
Take it off, ah, ah, ah-ah
Carve your name into my bedpost
'Cause I don't want you
Like a best friend
Only bought this dress
So you could take it off
Take it off, ah, ah, ah-ah
Inescapable,
I’m not even going to try
And if I get burned
At least we were electrified
I'm spilling wine in the bathtub
You kiss my face and we're both drunk
Everyone thinks that they know us
But they know nothing about
All of this silence and patience
Pining in anticipation
My hands are shaking
From holding back from you, ah, ah, ah
All of this silence and patience
Pining and desperately waiting
My hands are shaking from all this
Ah, ah, ah, ah-ah
Say my name and everything just stops
I don't want you like a best friend
Only bought this dress
So you could take it off
Take it off, ah, ah, ah-ah
Carve your name into my bedpost
'Cause I don't want you
Like a best friend
Only bought this dress
So you could take it off
Take it off, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
Only bought this dress
So you could take it off
Ah, ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
Only bought this dress
So you could take it--
Flashback when you met me
Your buzz cut and my hair bleached
Even in my worst times
You could see the best of me
Flashback to my mistakes
My rebounds, my earthquakes
Even in my worst light
You saw the truth in me
And I woke up just in time
Now I wake up by your side
My one and only, my lifeline
I woke up just in time
Now I wake up by your side
My hands are shaking
I can't explain this
Ah, ah, ah, ah-ah
Say my name and everything just stops
I don't want you like a best friend
Only bought this dress
So you could take it off
Take it off, ah, ah, ah-ah
Carve your name into my bedpost
'Cause I don’t want you
Like a best friend
Only bought this dress
So you could take it off
Take it off, ah, ah, ah-ah
There is an indentation
In the shape of you
Only bought this dress
So you could take it off
Got your mark on me, a golden tattoo
Only bought this dress
So you could take it off
- 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood
You know it used to be mad love
So take a look at what you've done
'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood
Hey! Now we've got problems
And I don't think we can solve 'em
You made a really deep cut
And, baby, now we got bad blood
Hey!
Did you have to do this?
I was thinking
That you could be trusted
Did you have to ruin what was shiny?
Now it's all rusted
Did you have to hit me
Where I'm weak?
Baby, I couldn't breathe then
Brought me in so deep
Salt in the wound
Like you're laughing right at me
Oh, it's so sad
To think about the good times
You and I
'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood
You know we used to be mad love
So take a look what you've done
'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood
Hey!
Now we got problems
And I don't think we can solve 'em
You made a really deep cut
And, baby, now we got bad blood
Hey!
Did you think we'd be fine?
Still got scars on my back
From your knives
So don't think it's in the past
These kind of wounds, they last
And they last now
Did you think it all through?
All these things will catch up to you
And time can heal, but this won't
So if you're coming now, wait
Just don't
Oh, it's so sad
To think about the good times
You and I
'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood
You know we used to be mad love
So take a look what you've done
'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood
Hey!
Now we got problems
And I don't think we can solve 'em
You made a really deep cut
And, baby, now we got bad blood
Should've said no
Should've gone home
You should've said no
You should've gone home
Should've thought twice
Before you let it all go
Should've known that word
'Bout what you did with her
Would get back to me
Bad blood
I should've been there
In the back of your mind
I shouldn't be asking myself why
You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness
At my feet
You should've said no, baby
And you might still have me
Band
-Aids don't fix bullet holes
You say sorry just for show
If you live like that
You live with ghosts
Band
-Aids don't fix bullet holes
You say sorry just for show
If you live like that
You live with ghosts, oh
If you love like that
- Blood runs cold
- 'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood
You know it used to be mad love
So take a look at what you've done
'Cause, baby, now we got bad blood
Hey!
Now we got problems
- And I don't think we can solve 'em
- Don't think we can solve 'em
You made a really deep cut
Oh, you should've said no
You should've gone home
Should've thought twice
Before you let it all go
Should've known that word
'Bout what you did with her
Would get back to me
Get back to me
And I should've been there
In the back of your mind
I shouldn't be asking myself why
You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness
At my feet
Should've said no, baby
And you might still have me
Mm-mm-mm
Don't blame me, love made me crazy
If it doesn't
You ain't doin' it right
Lord, save me, my drug is my baby
I'll be usin' for
the rest of my life
Mm-mm-mm
I've been breakin' hearts a long time
And
Toyin' with them older guys
Just playthings for me to use
Something happened for the first time
In
The darkest little paradise
Shakin, pacin',
I just need you
For you, I would cross the line
I would waste my time
I would lose my mind
They say she's gone too far this time
Don't blame me, love made me crazy
If it doesn't
You ain't doin' it right
Lord, save me, my drug is my baby
I'll be usin' for
the rest of my life
Don't blame me, love made me crazy
If it doesn't
You ain't doin' it right
Oh, Lord, save me,
my drug is my baby
I'll be usin' for
the rest of my life
My name is whatever you decide
I'm just gonna call you mine
I'm insane, but I'm your baby
Your baby
Echoes, love your name inside my mind
Halo, hiding my obsession
I once was poison ivy
But now I'm your daisy
And baby, for you
I would fall from grace
Just to touch your face
If you walk away
I'd beg you on my knees to stay
Don't blame me, love made me crazy
If it doesn't
You ain't doin' it right
Lord, save me, my drug is my baby
I'll be usin' for
the rest of my life
Don't blame me, love made me crazy
If it doesn't
You ain't doin' it right
Oh, Lord, save me,
my drug is my baby
I'll be usin' for
the rest of my life
I get so high, oh
Every time, yeah
Every time you're lovin' me
- You're lovin' me
- Trip of my life, oh
Every time, yeah
Every time you're touchin' me
You're touchin' me
I get so high, oh
Trip of my life, oh
Mm-mm-mm
Don't blame me
His love made me crazy
Every time, yeah
Every time you're lovin' me
Oh, Lord, save me,
my drug is my baby
- I'll be usin' for the rest of my life
- Usin' for the rest of my life
- Oh Lord
- Don't blame me, love made me crazy
If it doesn't
You ain't doin' it right
- Doin' it right, no
- Lord, save me, my drug is my baby
I'll be usin' for
the rest of my life
Oh
- Don't blame me, love made me crazy
- Oh
If it doesn't
You ain't doin' it right
Doin' doin' it right
- Lord, save me, my drug is my baby
I'll be usin' for
the rest of my life
I get so high
Oh, every time, yeah
Every time you're lovin' me
- You're lovin' me
- Trip of my life
Oh, oh, oh
I get so high, oh
Every time, yeah
Every time you're loving me
Oh, Lord, save me
My drug is my baby
I'll be usin' for
the rest of my life
So, you guys...
I know that, uh...
when you meet people,
when you first hang out with people,
you're supposed to play it cool,
be sort of casual and just be like,
"Yeah, I'm having a good time with you.
You guys seem cool."
But seriously,
this is such an incredible crowd,
I absolutely adore you.
I loved you as soon as
I heard you screaming.
So we started this
tour in May, and um...
honestly, I have never
experienced a tour...
that seemed to fly past this quickly.
'Cause we're having so much fun
on this tour.
We're having so much fun with you guys.
I can't even tell you how much.
So, when I say "we," I mean...
all of the people that you see
on the stage with me:
the dancers, the backup singers, the band,
everybody who you see up here with me.
Um...
Camila, Charli,
all these wonderful, incredible,
iconic people I get to be onstage with.
We've all dreamed about being
on a stage like this
since we were little kids.
And I think when we were little kids,
I think I can speak for all of us
and say I don't think we ever imagined
we'd be on stages this big
with crowds this incredible.
I think this has sort of exceeded
any kind of...
...daydream.
But so...
we get to be out here with you
every single night on this stage,
but that is...
I mean, that is nothing compared to
the effort and the work
that has gone into building this stage.
We have 368 people
who travel with us around the world,
leave their families behind,
drive trucks, help put up the steel,
help build the stage, help do lighting,
sound, you name it.
Tuning our instruments,
just helping us get to the place,
to the point where we can get up here
and do what we love to do.
On top of that,
Dallas and Arlington,
this area provided us with 3,200 people
who did security for us,
who sold food, who did parking,
who helped us build this,
who will take this apart with us
after the show.
They're the people who will help
sweep up the glitter
when we all go home. Um...
And so...
I wanna say thank you
to every single person
who has helped us
put on this stage tonight,
and especially security here,
for keeping us safe.
Thank you so much to everyone.
Let's hear a round of applause
for everyone who helped us do this.
And then, of course, um,
there really wouldn't be a show to put on
or a stage to
put up if you guys...
didn't wanna come be at the show.
So...
this is a song that, for me,
is always gonna be about you.
I said remember this moment
In the back of my mind
The time we stood
With our shaking hands
The crowds in stands went wild
We were the kings and the queens
And they read off our names
The night you danced
Like you knew our lives
Would never be the same
You held your head like a hero
On a history book page
It was the end of a decade
But the start of an age
Long live the walls we crashed through
All the kingdom lights shined
Just for me and you
I was screaming
"Long live all the magic we made"
Bring on all the pretenders
I'm not afraid
Long live all the mountains we moved
I had the time of my life
Fighting dragons with you
I was screaming
"Long live that look at your face"
Bring on all the pretenders
One day we will be remembered
Hold on to spinning around
Confetti falls to the ground
May these memories break our fall
And hold on
To spinning around
Confetti
Falls to the ground
There's glitter on the floor
After the party
Girls carrying their shoes
Down in the lobby
Candle wax and Polaroids
On the hardwood floor
You and me from the night before, but
Don’t read the last page
But I stay
When you're lost and I'm scared
And you’re turning away
I want your midnights
I'll be cleaning up bottles with you
On New Year's Day
You squeeze my hand three times
In the back of the taxi
I can tell
That it's gonna be a long road
I'll be there if you're the toast
Of the town, babe
Or if you strike out
And you're crawling home
Don't read the last page
But I stay
When it's hard or it's wrong
Or we're making mistakes
I want your midnights
I'll be cleaning up bottles with you
On New Year’s Day
Hold on to the memories
They will hold on to you
And I will hold on to you
Please don't ever become a stranger
Whose laugh I could recognize anywhere
We love you!
I love you guys, so, so, so,
so, so, so, so much.
There's glitter on the floor
After the party
Girls carrying their shoes
Down in the lobby
Candle wax and Polaroids
On the hardwood floor
You and me forever more
Don’t read the last page
But I stay
When it's hard or it's wrong
Or we're making mistakes
I want the midnights
I'll be cleaning up bottles with you
On New Year's Day
Hold on to the memories
They will hold on to you
- And long live
- Please don't
- Ever become a stranger
- The walls we crashed through
Whose laugh
- I could recognize anywhere
- I had the time of my life
Please don't ever become a stranger
-  With you
- Whose laugh
- I could recognize anywhere
And long live
The walls we crashed through
I had the time of my life
With you
Thank you.
When she fell, she fell apart.
Cracked her bones on the pavement
she once decorated as a child
with sidewalk chalk
When she crashed,
her clothes disintegrated
and blew away with the winds
that took all of her fair-weather friends
When she looked around,
her skin was spattered with ink
forming the words of a thousand voices,
Echoes she heard even in her sleep:
"Whatever you say, it is not right."
"Whatever you do, it is not enough."
"Your kindness is fake."
"Your pain is manipulative."
When she lay there on the ground,
She dreamed of time machines and revenge
and a love that was really something,
Not just the idea of something.
When she finally rose, she rose slowly
Avoiding old haunts
and sidestepping shiny pennies
Wary of phone calls and promises,
Charmers, dandies
and get-love-quick-schemes
When she stood,
she stood with a desolate knowingness
Waded out into the dark,
wild ocean up to her neck
Bathed in her brokenness
Said a prayer of gratitude
for each chink in the armor
she never knew she needed
Standing broad-shouldered next to her
was a love that was really something,
not just the idea of something.
When she turned to go home,
She heard the echoes of new words
"May your heart remain breakable
But never by the same hand twice"
And even louder:
"without your past,
you could never have arrived--
so wondrously and brutally,
By design or some violent,
exquisite happenstance
...here."
No, nothing good starts
In a getaway car
He was the best of times
The worst of crimes
I struck a match and blew your mind
But I didn't mean it
And you didn’t see it
The ties were black
The lies were white
And shades of gray in candlelight
I wanted to leave him
I needed a reason
X marks the spot where we fell apart
He poisoned the well
I was lyin' to myself
I knew it from the first Old Fashioned
We were cursed
We never had a shotgun shot
In the dark
You were drivin' the getaway car
We were flyin’, but we'd never get far
Don't pretend it's such a mystery
Think about the place
Where you first met me
We were ridin' in a getaway car
There were sirens
In the beat of your heart
Should've known I'd be
The first to leave
Think about the place
Where you first met me
In a getaway car, oh-oh
No, they never get far, oh-oh
No, nothing good starts
In a getaway car
It was the great escape
The prison break
The light of freedom on my face
But you weren’t thinkin’
And I was just drinkin'
While he was runnin’ after us
I was screamin', "Go, go, go!"
But with three of us, honey
It's a sideshow
And a circus ain't a love story
-And now we’re both sorry
-We're both sorry
X marks the spot where we fell apart
He poisoned the well
Every man for himself
I knew it from the first Old Fashioned
We were cursed
It hit you
Like a shotgun shot to the heart
You were drivin' the getaway car
We were flyin’, but we'd never get far
Don't pretend it's such a mystery
Think about the place
Where you first met me
We were ridin' in a getaway car
There were sirens
In the beat of your heart
Should've known
I'd be the first to leave
Think about the place
Where you first met me
In a getaway car, oh-oh
No, they never get far, oh-oh
No, nothing good starts
In a getaway car
We were jet-set,
Bonnie and Clyde
Oh
Until I switched to the other side
To the other si-i-i-i-ide
It's no surprise I turned you in
Oh
'Cause us traitors never win
I'm in a getaway car
I left you in the motel bar
Put the money in a bag
And I stole the keys
That was the last
time you ever saw me
Drivin' the getaway car
We were flyin’, but we'd never get far
Don't pretend it's such a mystery
Think about the place
Where you first met me
We were ridin' in a getaway car
There were sirens
In the beat of your heart
Should've known
I'd be the first to leave
Think about the place
Where you first met me
- In a getaway car
- Oh
- No, they never get far
No, nothing good starts
In a getaway car
I was ridin' in a getaway car
I was cryin' in a getaway car
I was dyin' in a getaway car
Said goodbye in a getaway car
Ridin' in a getaway car
I was cryin' in a getaway car
I was dyin' in a getaway car
Said goodbye in a getaway car
My castle crumbled overnight
I brought a knife to a gunfight
They took the crown
But it's all right
All the liars are calling me one
Nobody's heard from me for months
I'm doing better than I ever was
'Cause my baby's fit like a daydream
Walking with his head down
I'm the one he's walking to
So call it what you want, yeah
Call it what you want to
My baby's fly like a jet stream
High above the whole scene
Loves me like I'm brand-new
So call it what you want, yeah
Call it what you want to
All my flowers grew back as thorns
Windows boarded up after the storm
He built a fire
just to keep me warm
All the drama queens taking swings
All the jokers dressin' up as kings
They fade to nothing
When I look at him
And I know I make the same mistakes
Every time
Bridges burn, I never learn
At least I did one thing right
I did one thing right
I'm laughing with my lover
Making forts under covers
Trust him like a brother, yeah
You know I did one thing right
Starry eyes sparkin' up
My darkest night
My baby's fit like a daydream
Walking with his head down
I'm the one he's walking to
So call it what you want, yeah
Call it what you want to
My baby's fly like a jet stream
High above the whole scene
-Loves me like I'm brand-new
- Call it what you want
So call it what you want, yeah
Call it what you want to
I want to wear his initial
On a chain 'round my neck
Chain 'round my neck
Not because he owns me
But 'cause he really knows me
Which is more than they can say, I
I recall late November
Holdin' my breath, slowly I said
"You don't need to save me"
"But would you run away with me?"
Yes, my baby's fit like a daydream
Walking with his head down
I'm the one he's walking to
Call it what you want
So call it what you want, yeah
Call it what you want to
My baby's fly like a jet stream
High above the whole scene
-Loves me like I'm brand-new
- Call it what you want
So call it what you want, yeah
Call it what you want to
Call it what you want
Call it what you want, call it
Call it what you want, yeah
Call it what you want to
Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
We are never ever, ever
Getting back together
You go talk to your friends
Talk to my friends, talk to me
We are never ever, ever, ever
Getting back together
Oh
And here's to my real friends
And here's to my baby
Oh
They don't care
About that he said, she said
We are never ever, ever, ever
Getting back together
Whoo-ooh!
It was so nice throwing big parties
Jumping to the pool from the balcony
Everyone swimming in a champagne sea
Whoo-ooh!
And there are no rules
When you show up here
Bass beat rattling the chandelier
Feeling so Gatsby for that whole year
So why'd you have to rain
On my parade?
I'm shaking my head
I'm locking the gates
This is why we can't have nice things
Darlin'
Because you break them
I had to take them away
This is why we can't have nice things
Honey, oh
Did you think I wouldn't hear
All the things you said about me?
- This is why we can't have
- Nice things
Whoo-ooh!
It was so nice being friends again
There I was giving you a second chance
But you stabbed me in the back
While shaking my hand
Whoo-ooh!
And therein lies the issue
Friends don't try to trick you
Get you on the phone
And mind-twist you
And so I took an
ax to a mended fence
But I'm not the only friend
You've lost lately, mm-mm
If only you weren't
So shady
This is why we can't have nice things
Darling, yeah
Because you break them
I had to take them away
This is why we can't have nice things
Honey, oh
Did you think I wouldn't hear
All the things you said about me?
This is why we can't have
Here's a toast to my real friends
They don't care about that
He said, she said
And here's to my baby
He ain't reading
What they call me lately
And here's to my momma
Had to listen to all this drama
And here's to you
'Cause forgiveness
Is a nice thing to do
I can't--
I--
- I can't even say it with a straight face!
-  This is why we can't have nice things
Darling, darling
Because you break them
I had to take them away
- This is why we can't have nice things
- Uh-uh
-Honey, oh
- Baby
Did you think I wouldn't hear
All the things you said about me?
- This is why we can't have nice things
- Oh
-Darling
-And here's to my real friends
Because you break them
I have to take them
And here's to my baby
- Oh
-  Nice things
- Honey
- Didn't care about he said she said
Did you think I wouldn't hear
All the things you said about me?
This is why we can't have nice things
We love you, Dallas, Texas.
Thank you so much
for an incredible evening
and an amazing tour. We love you.
Please give it up for the dancers.
Oh
- Oh
-Make some noise for the singers, Dallas!
Here's a toast to my real friends
Uh-uh
Oh, no
-Give it up for the band.
- Oh, no
- Baby
Uh-uh
Oh, no
Baby
This is why we can't have
Uh-uh
Oh, no
Baby
This is why we can't have
Uh-uh
Oh, no
This is why we can't have
Uh-uh
Oh, no
This is why we can't have
Uh-uh
Oh, no
Baby
This is why we can't have
Uh-uh, uh-uh
Oh, no
No
See you in the dark
All eyes on you, my magician
All eyes on us
You make everyone disappear, and
Cut me into pieces
Gold cage, hostage to my feelings
Back against the wall
Trippin', trip-trippin'
When you're gone
'Cause we break down a little
But when you get me alone
It's so simple
'Cause, baby,
I know what you know
We can feel it
And our pieces fall
Right into place
Get caught up in the moment
Lipstick on your face
So it goes
I'm yours to keep
And I'm yours to lose
You know I'm not
a bad girl, but I
Do bad things with you
So it goes
Met you in a bar
All eyes on me
Your illusion is
All eyes on us
I make all your gray days clear and
Wear you like a necklace
I'm so chill, but you make me jealous
But I got your heart
Skippin', skip-skippin' when I'm gone
'Cause we break down a little
But when I get you alone
It's so simple
'Cause, baby,
I know what you know
We can feel it
And our pieces fall
Right into place
Get caught up in the moment
Lipstick on your face
So it goes
I'm yours to keep
And I'm yours to lose
You know I'm not
a bad girl, but I
Do bad things with you
So it goes
I'm yours to keep
And I'm yours to lose
You know I'm not
a bad girl, but I
Do bad things with you
So it goes
Come here, dressed in black now
So, so, so it goes
Scratches down your back now
You did a number on me
But honestly, baby, who's counting?
I did a number on you
You did a number on me
But honestly, baby, who's counting?
Who's counting?
One, two, three
And all the pieces fall...
Okay, so, first of all--
First of all, um...
I don't--
I don't know.
I don't know what's going on.
Great drumming.
-Like my drums? I'm air-drumming.
-Cool. Amazing.
I've never seen it before.
-Really?
-Yeah, I'm back there.
-So--
-I'm just...
Hey!
This is one of the-
- It's-
- One, two--
I'm more of a... "Drummer! Drummer!"
Oh, no.
My costume change.
This is exactly-- This is what I do
when I don't know choreography.
-Yeah.
-But, like--
-Yeah, the side?
-That's "I don't know my choreography."
-That's--
Ah, what you made me do
-Can we do it again? I missed all of it.
-Okay.
I just didn't even get on the train,
'cause it left the station.
- Need to--
- Oh! Look what--
There's too many-- The words are
all the same over and over again.
-And I know that's my fault. But--
-No, it's okay.
What's up?
You can't just put it in front of me
and not have me drink that.
It's an Old Fashioned.
I have to test it.
It's my responsibility.
You think I could put on a stage
or serve these people
- something I haven't tested?
- It's good.
This is beyond the feat of engineering.
It's like a feat of magical mystique.
The amount of decking that we have
is equivalent to ten arena tours.
That's just decking.
-It's bigger than a 767.
-Oh, my God.
Wingspan, nose to tail.
-Look at that.
-What's a 767?
-It's an airplane, a big one.
You guys are just gonna need to leave
little trails of candy to just get me
-to go to the right places.
-Little Reese's Pieces.
Nobody...
-What do you need?
-I was lost.
It's a big stage.
- You can go this way.
- Thanks.
Okay, I'm alone out here,
so I feel like I'm in the wrong place.
I really am gonna need
to study a map of this thing.
I know.
So it goes
Scratches down your back now
So, so, so it goes
Ripped and edited by
gabbyu's Subs